The Ballad of the Botofist
A True Story

To make sense of the story in this book
first must be told the happenings on the isle of rook,
There once upon times, a noob first saw the world
full of things to explore and adventures manifold,
Amazed and planning with great care
our hero prepared his mainland fare,
where The Dragon roams. yes, it exists, this fiery beast!
he saw the corpse in a cave to the town's east!
There it dawned on him he was chosen to fight off this evil
But he knew to be prepared, he can't be so civil.
Under the academy, he lured the noobish into drinking slime
to cleanse the ranks of them, for they aren't worth a dime,
because, srsly, What good are you outside a morgue,
if you noob enough to suicide by Derg?
So no remorse was felt for the victims he bereaved
as Tibia deserves the best, so he firmly believed,
so once, off a noob he looted a sandals pair
and long did he at them stare,
Never seen before by him and arm null when looked at,
But they are rare, so there must be a reason for that.
And from that day forth on the lookout he was,
And collecting sandals, was the task he chose,
But then came the level of eight,
to the oracle he went, anticipating things great,
He'll show the dragons that Tibia has men who protect and serve
and Zathroth they will curse as he rips out their spinal nerve,
Among the cities, he chose Thais
Having heard of the dragon lair deep beneath its surface,
Cleansing it, he would, and once and for all drive the evil out
How the people would celebrate him! and Derg they will shout!
The savior, the brave hero. But our hero wasn't ready. Yet.
He had to settle for grinding weaker mobs instead,
North of Thais, there stands this mountain, the ages defiant
Thaians call it Sternum for it looks like back of a giant,
and truly there was something gigantic about the place,
It was inhabited by Cyclops, monsters our hero wasn't prepared to face,
He settled for the elves on the outside
and although their archers dealt a powerful strike,
He could still corner them and beat them senseless
but often they dropped what he did never expect, SANDALS!
like what the hell, he thought, these items he cherished and collected whenever he could
These items he thought rare and much pay for them he would,
How can it be, that they are a so weak monster's drop?!
Embarrassed he was and he felt like a flop. :-(
A decision had to be made...
and stand true to it he would and his promise won't fade,
Never again will he collect crap off the earth
he could have thought of it, it has no arm and doesn't look fierce!
He went on his journey getting stronger day after day
dreaming of dragons and items to get when you slay,
A powerful many headed dragon was rumored to exist
In an Internet cafe he was told, it drops the Botofist,
Arabs they were and English not their suit
But they said it costs a fortune and looks good on your foot,
So kill the three headed dragon and get the legendary footwear
was our hero's new goal. Story's nearly over, Dear Listener, don't despair,
Well, once he went to the depot following a hunt of cyclops and other scum
And then look, an item fell next to him, plum!
He shifted it and "You see boots of haste." in green it said,
of 0 arm, no much different than the sandals he used to collect,
His English was shit and it didn't connect
that The Botofist are in fact the boots of haste.
so he left them on the floor and went on his journey again,
which ended with getting hacked and quitting due to the pain.
Years later he came back, to fulfill his promises
and beating he did, the dragon, his chosen arch-nemesis.
He learned others were calling the botofist a boh,
for why they did so, he had no clue.
Money he made and on a day "buy boh" he yelled around
And a guy to trade with, he also found, 
But when again he saw the green text and the familiar sprite
He fucking cried till the end of night.

THE END
